editorial review of multiple handlers for a single message (#5440)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/handlers/index.md

For this reason, multiple handlers for the same message must either roll back their operations if any of them fail, or they must be idempotent and handle multiple invocations without any side-effects.

### Alternatives

If it is not possible to design multiple handlers in one of the ways described above, a separate message must be used for each handler. This has the additional benefit of the handlers being invoked in parallel. When a single message is used, the handlers are invoked sequentially.

There are a number of techniques for making this change, depending on the type of message:

#### Events

If the original message is [published as an event](/nservicebus/messaging/publish-subscribe/), the handlers must be hosted in separate endpoints. Each endpoint receives its own copy of the original message, isolating the failure of one handler from the others.

#### Other messages

> In these cases, the original message is not published as an event, but rather [sent](/nservicebus/messaging/send-a-message.md) to a specific endpoint.

Author: 👍 small tweaks:

```suggestion
If the original message is not published as an event, but rather [sent](/nservicebus/messaging/send-a-message.md) to a specific endpoint, the following techniques may be used (listed from simplest to most complex):
```
